THE SWISS ACCOUNT - PLAYER OUTLINE

THE PLAYERS

Sleuth		Nathalie
Victim		Michelle
Courier		Amy
Informer	Cindy
Lawyers		Tara
			Ashton
Villain		Jen Reid

SHORT SYNOPSIS
Our Victim, Michelle, has been received a small family fortune only to be summarily arrested for embezzlement. She now needs Nat to solve a series of puzzles to set her free.

LONG SYNOPSIS
Our Victim, Michelle, has been received a small family fortune only to be summarily arrested for embezzlement. She's now behind bars and can only speak through her lawyers. In 12 days, she will be deported but the money will be gone. She's not talking to her lawyers though and has instructed them to have deliver a series of books to Nat, saying that she hopes she can get to the truth of the matter.

The truth is Michelle knows things are worse than she understands and is not sure who to trust. She's encoded what she knows into a series of books so that Nat can figure out the rest of the puzzle and set her friend.

To solve this, Nat will need to figure out the following puzzles:

PUZZLES
1-	Villain's phone number			encoded across all the books
2-	Answer the villains questions:	Who am I?
									Where's the money actually going?
									What's the account #?
									Why should I turn myself in?
3- 	Who am I?						Cindy knows this.
										Nat learns this from the negative word search
									Cindy won't talk
										Cindy will talk if Nat is holding a sword
4-	Where's the money going?		Nat will find a library book that shows the money
										is going to India
5-	What's the account #?			Nat will find it in a geocache
6-	Why should I turn myself in?	Nat will find a stash of emails that shows that the
										villain is being double-crossed by one of
										Michelle's lawyers
										
Rough timeline
Day	
1		Calls Michelle				Michelle does opening explanation
										then calls me & I let everyone know its started
2-10	Amy delivers books to Nat	Tara or Ashton should sign first
2+		Knows Cindy knows Villain
5+		Knows how to make Cindy talk	
6+		Knows where money is going
8+		Knows the bank account #
9+		Knows about double-cross
9/10	Knows phone #
10		Final lawyer letter
11		Lawyer pleading letter
12		Lawyer letter reminding of 8pm deadline
Win		Jen:"damnit!"& calls me		I call Nat & everyone else for cake & postmorterm

